Add option to display project_timeframe to the project pages and home page (#289)
victoriadrake/hugo-theme-introduction: README.md

>           weight: -100

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          weight: -100
project_timeframe: "June-December"
```

```

> If project timeline or start of the project is important and should be displayed in the projects summary on home page, as well as in modal description you can add `project_timeline` string to the frontmatter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can add a `project_timeframe` parameter to the frontmatter of your project to optionally display an arbitrary string on the homepage and modal.
```
